Ramadan is normally a time when Muslims
come together to fast worship and
reflect but after 5 months of
unimaginable violence people here will
instead have to endure the pain caused
by Israel's Relentless war on
Gaza I came here to buy but I can't find
anything to buy there's nothing no dates
or milk or anything one can't find
anything for their children all these
canned goods are full of germs that
infect the stomach we need vegetables
and fruits to feed our children because
they've weakened and died from
Hunger more than 2 million people are
being forced to live with little to no
water or food Israel is refusing to let
enough Aid in the supplies that do exist
are unaffordable the holy month has
added meaning
here I think this Ramadan will add to
the tragedies of the Palestinian people
a new tragedy and a new torment the city
situation is very difficult and any
person who says that they can endure the
pain of this month financially
spiritually mentally look over all of
this Market in vain no one can afford to
buy
anything every single person in Gaza has
lost a loved one or knows someone who
has and friends and families are torn
apart unable to celebrate
together this year's Ramadan is
different from previous Years first of
all we are far away from our loved ones
our families relatives and friends in
the north everything is
different Israel's indiscriminate
attacks have destroyed or damaged at
least 184 mosques in
Gaza but faith is undiminished across
the strip and Palestinians say they'll
keep praying for the war to end Julie
dger Al jazer